{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Retrieving Eggs \
One - 400\
Two - 800\
Three - 1,600\
Four - 3,200\
\
Stun Frog = 0\
Retrieve Frog = 300\
\
Venus flytrap = 10\
Dragon = 50\
Worm = 75\
Stalker = 150\
Pod babies = 200\
Pod mother 1,000\
\
Flytap is worth one unit of air. Each unit = 50 points at tend of level\
\
F1 - Restart\
F3 - Switch mode (demo, easy, normal, hard)\
F5 - Mirror maze?\
F7 - Pause\
Joy left or right to change level\
\
32 levels\
Each level with five scorpions. Bonus scorpions:\
Easy - 4000\
Normal - 8000\
Hard - 16000\
\
Find food and defend yourself against predators\
\
The object of this game is survival, pure and simple. As the scorpion, you must do two things well: Find food to bring home, and defend yourself against predators that abound in the maze.\
\
Forage and Fight. Simultaneously, it\'92s even more challenging than it sounds. Because you only have a limited supply of air. \
\
Food comes in two forms, Frogs eggs and frogs. \
Eggs naturally come before frogs. If you can locate the eggs and carry them home before they hatch, you will score points very quickly. You will have to be very good, very fast and very lucky to bring home all four eggs, so don\'92t be discouraged when you fail.\
\
But be careful. Because once the eggs hatch into frogs, they become as dangerous as the other predators. \
\
To catch a frog you must first stun him, then Carry him home quickly, because frogs are only stunned briefly. If they wake up, they\'92ll put you to sleep - permanently. \
\
Predators come in all shapes and sizes, and some are more dangerous than others. And some don\'92t even appear until you reach more demanding levels of play. Venus flytraps, for example, are harmless. They just get in the way. They are also a source for vital oxygen, which can buy you time. Worms, although dangerous are slow and easily destroyed. They\'92re also big targets.\
\
Dragons are smaller, faster and more elusive. They\'92re also smart enough to figure out where you are and come looking for you. Stalkers are everything dragons are, just a whole lot more dangerous. Finally, there\'92s the pod mother. Her menacing figure will appear suddenly out of nowhere to swallow you. If you\'92re quick enough to destroy her, you\'92ll score big. And find yourself with 6 venomous new pod babies. \
\
By the way as you move from one level to another, an unpleasant thing happens. The predators get faster, smarter, meaner and more numerous. That should give you something to look forward to. \
}